First, to create this project, I used two high level programming languages called "Python" and "javascript" and put my code in the coding environment called vsCode. I used a python framework called Flask to assist me in launching my web application and I used React which assisted on the client-side of our comment section page. I used two APIs in this project, while setting up two of my own API endpoints to exhange data from between react and flask. I used the tmdb API to get detailed information about a certain movie, for example, getting its genres, titles, taglines, and also the movie's image/poster. I also used a wiki API that would allow me to reference a wiki page with more information about a select movie if the user was interested. I also used a flask extention called flask-login, so that I could monitor which user was logged in at the moment, this will be important for the comment section. I also used other libraries like random, which allows me to pick a random integer in a certain range.

If you wanted to copy/fork my repository and run, you would have to first have a few things installed. Python and Javascript will need to be installed and a coding environment(vsCode). You will need to install requests for your API's and it would be recommended to install python-dotenv to keep your API keys private. And if you will use .env to keep your keys private, you'll need to add a file called ".gitignore" so that git does not track your .env file. You will also need to install flask, which is the framework we'll use to run our web app. You will also need to download and import flask_login for our users. Git will need to be installed on your local machine alongside you making a github account on the github website. Then you will need to install heroku to your local machine, so that we are able to deploy the app on the web for public use, but we mainly need it for our database that we will be using. For our database you will need to go into you terminal your login for heroku. Use heroku create in your terminal. Then put in this command: heroku addons:create heroku-postgresql:hobby-dev ,change the url from posgres to posgresql and put the link into you .env and call it DATABASE_URL. Then in your terminal run python3, and use commands to import the database, import the models and use db.create_all to create your database. Also make sure you have everything you need installed for react to work, import the necessary methods and you should be good to go.

3 technical issues: 
The first problem that I had out of the gate was that my react page wouldn't render, and it would just show a plain white screen. I was able to fix this my modifying how the routes, from @BP to @APP.
The next problem I had was making the data from the database serializable. I struggled with this for days, but I fould out the problem was that I was trying work with the __repr___ form of the object. But when I pieced together the object itself, I was able to sort out all the information in a meaningful way to make it json serializeble and to send the vales to my react side.
Another problem I had was getting the values from the forms and updating the ratings accordingly. I was able to fix this by adding an index and an event listener, and made it so that whenever the rating changed, there would a new json(holds the rating and comments) made each time, so that if and when that data was saved, it would be ready.

The most hardest and useful part of the milestones:
The most hardest spot for me was definitely getting the data out of the react forms. I don't know why, but for days I couldn't wrap my head around the process of updating the state variable using an index and the info in seperate forms. The most useful part of the milestones is easily the API's. I believe that as I progress in this field, API use will be important for most if not all of my projects, so getting good practice with them now is only beneficial.
